( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
(Azure Spring)
(All characters, places, events, etc.. depicted are fictional.)
(Children and animals were filmed under strict guidelines.)
Where did they go this time?
Unbelievable.
Seo An Na, you...
(Episode 3: The Timing)
(Parang-ri Haenyeo Cho Mi Hyeon)
Doing this prevents your goggles from fogging underwater.
Like anti-fog coating?
The sea works around its own clock.
High tide, low tide, and the tidal cycle.
I know that much.
You knew that, yet you went in during the most dangerous time?
I did?
You got swept away instantly...
by the strong current.
The time when the current is weakest...
between the low and the high tide is called the slack tide.
It is the only time, occurring twice a day,
when the sea allows free divers to harvest seafood.
So when is that?
Right now.
You're right. I guess...
it seems rather peaceful.
Let's go in.
The slack tide lasts only three hours at most.
Wait up!
Hey, wait up!
I said, wait for me!
Stand straight. You're heavy.
I'm not that...
Hey! You two jerks!
Baek Su Jeong?
Seo An Na, I'm the idiot...
for trusting you.
You wench!
Hey, you're going to fall!
Stop pretending like you're nice.
What? What are you talking about?
You said you weren't into Duk Hyun!
How can you do this to me?
I'm not!
You said you didn't get what was sexy about him.
What? "Sexy"? You call that guy sexy?
You!
Hey!
You two...
Duk Hyun, do me first.
I'm more badly hurt.
Please settle this on your own.
Where are you going?
I have an ouchie right here.
You need to put some medicine on me.
Duk Hyun!
Hey, I got you.
Come closer.
Stay still.
Jeez.
Even if you do this, I still won't let it slide.
It's nothing like what you're imagining.
It so is.
You two harvest seafood together, eat together,
work out together,
touch each other, and feel each other up!
Hey!
I like men who aren't tanned...
and are sweet.
Exactly.
Duk Hyun has such a sweet and handsome face!
Su Jeong, please.
You and I aren't besties anymore.
This is war, you traitor.
Don't ever act friendly and call me Su Jeong without my surname,
Seo An Na.
We weren't best friends to start with.
That was a decade ago.
Aren't you going out to harvest?
I already told you.
The slack tide only lasts three hours at most.
Also,
you'd better not touch the water for a while.
You know what?
You're rude,
but you're also oddly sweet.
Impossible.
Even if you didn't get to harvest, wash the suit before drying it.
Even a little bit of salt can easily corrode the suit.
Yeah, yeah.
I shouldn't have said anything.
Also,
clear the air between you and your friend.
Why?
Are you scared you'll be known around the island...
as a player who's toying with two girls?
Just like the sea, there's a right timing between people.
If you miss it, you won't find...
another chance for a very long time.
I shouldn't have been so nosy.
What was that?
Trying to act all cool.
(Parang-ri Haenyeo Cho Mi Hyeon)
Well, I guess I had always pushed everything aside...
except for swimming.
I told you to stop sending me food.
I can't even finish these.
I feed myself all right.
Stop worrying about me.
No, I said I'm fine!
"I'm busy now, so maybe later."
"I can always do it next time,"
"so maybe later."
You little brat. You didn't even touch these.
Do you know how hurtful this is?
I kept pushing everything back,
and in the end,
I ended up hurting her.
I missed...
the important timing.
(Parang-ri Haenyeo Cho Mi Hyeon)
How am I...
supposed to clear the air between us?
Are these red beans?
Jeez, I have no idea.
After all, this isn't the supermarket.
I doubt there are red beans.
Even if there were, it's not yet time.
Red beans are sown in the summer and reaped in the fall.
Thanks for the info.
What? You said there weren't any.
I just said it wasn't harvest season yet.
These are from last year.
Thanks.
Hey.
Hey!
Why don't you help me, so that I don't miss the timing?
Go. Come on.
Open it.
Come on.
Stir it like this.
Keep going.
When you think about it, timing is everything.
In harvesting seafood,
relationships,
and making dough.
It's all about timing.
How long do I have to do this?
Bring it over here.
Look at this.
A long wait and perfect timing...
are required even when you make...
these simple honey donuts.
Everything comes down to timing.
Try one.
Come to Parang Elementary School. Immediately. Right now.
(Seo An Na)
Jeez, that girl.
Why did she call me out all the way here?
What the heck, Su Jeong?
You called me here, yet you show up late.
Here. Have it on your way to Seoul.
Gosh, honey donuts?
I got sick of these here. Are you telling me to eat it in Seoul, too?
You didn't even tell me you were moving to Seoul,
so I didn't have time to prepare a present.
What is this? Do you think some donuts are enough to call it even?
These aren't just some donuts.
You once said...
that honey donuts are a way of saying, "Have a safe trip."
I told you to have them on your way there.
It doesn't matter where you eat these.
It does! My dad said...
honey donuts are made with a lot of syrup, so they last long.
That's why my mom always makes them...
for my dad before he goes out to sea.
It's her way of saying, "Have a safe trip."
So these aren't just any honey donuts.
They're my way of saying,
"Thanks to you."
"I had a great trip, Baek Su Jeong."
Whatever, girl.
Wait, are you crying?
I'm not crying. I just got thirsty.
Hey, did you just laugh at me?
Yes, I did. So what?
So? Do you like it?
I've never made these before.
These are really...
delicious.
Doing this won't make me give up on Duk Hyun for you.
Don't you dare try to steal him.
- Gosh, I'm not interested! - Aren't you lying?
- What the heck? - It's raining.
It's raining!
The sky is so clear. Why is it suddenly raining?
Run!
A typhoon is coming. We can't go harvesting for a while.
What?
What are you doing? Give me a hand.
There's a time for everything.
A typhoon is moving rapidly northward.
Heavy rain is expected across the country for the time being,
with localized downpours exceeding 80mm per hour...
along the southern coast, raising concerns about possible damage.
The weather is expected to be at its worst from tonight through dawn.
- Darn it. - My gosh!
Come on!
What are you doing? Stick it on!
Give me a moment, will you?
Hold this, please!
While you wait for the right timing,
you may face a huge ordeal...
and may even fall apart.
But even the fiercest storms...
eventually pass.
Shall we go today?
To harvest seafood.
When the storm passes and the impurities are gone,
the sea is ready to give new life.
Just like that, the timing comes.
Let's go.
Wait!
No one should go out to dive...
on an empty stomach.
I do it on an empty stomach.
Oh, my.
Then you can eat your food during lunch.
What about me? I can eat now.
Yours?
I don't have any.
Good luck.
Let's dive in here.
This is different from swimming.
You need to hold your breath in, instead of letting it out.
Holding my breath in?
Then I'll see you down below.
I can't tell anything apart.
Where did you find that?
Did you buy that while I wasn't looking?
Did you forget everything I told you?
I remember everything!
But it's easier said than done.
Put your goggles on.
And then,
- give me your hand. - What?
- Now, breathe in. - Darn it.
When you're underwater, it'll look like this.
This looks like a rock.
Do you see those?
I see. Are those respiratory pores?
Rocks don't have these holes.
When you're underwater, take your time...
to examine the rocks.
Then you'll feel the abalones breathing.
I found one! I caught it!
What? What did you catch?
An abalone!
No way. An abalone?
That's my Parang-ri Mermaid!
Nice job, An Na!
Look!
Don't get too excited or ambitious after catching one.
Do as much as your breath allows.
Stop nagging.
I've been waiting for this day for a long time.
Have some faith in me.
See you down there.
If I continue to wait for the right timing,
will my dream...
ever see the light of day again...
someday?
Are you that happy?
Yes, and I owe it to you.
I feel great.
I take back what I said last time.
That you were rude...
but oddly sweet.
Then what?
You aren't rude, but you aren't sweet, either.
Isn't that worse?
Instead,
you remind me of the sea.
On the surface, you surge with waves and push people away.
But you're deep and peaceful on the inside.
Although I haven't known you for long,
I feel like I can trust you.
You're a bad judge of character.
Jeez, I know you liked it.
Anyway, thank you...
for teaching me how to harvest seafood.
Hey. You.
I heard this guy lives here. Is that right?
Who's that?
Hey, yes. Yoon Duk Hyun!
That's Yoon Duk Hyun!
He lives over there in that house with a red roof.
By the way, why are you...
looking for him?
May I ask why?
Why?
Is he someone I shouldn't look for?
No, it's not that.
It's because he owes me something.
Don't be scared.
What a nice life you have,
Yoon Duk Hyun.